add new library for configuring GNSS LNA (#7338)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: samples/nrf9160/gnss/README.rst

   When using assistance, LTE may block the GNSS operation and increase the time needed to get a fix.
   This configuration option disables LTE after the assistance data has been downloaded, so that GNSS can run without interruptions.

Additional configuration
========================

> Check and configure the following library options that are used by the sample:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Check and configure the following library option that is used by the sample:
```
There is only one option, right?
